docs: update readme (#5)
asbiin/semantic-release-github-pullrequest: README.md

# semantic-release-github-pullrequest

This plugin is a plugin for [**semantic-release**](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release).

> It automatically creates a pull request containing the release notes of a newly published release in your repository, as long as you follow the Semantic release convention.

Reviewer: It's more generic than `creates a pull request containing the release notes of a newly published release`, I'll propose:
```suggestion
It automatically creates a pull request containing changes for any files you want to publish in your repository, like release notes of your newly published release.
```
